good morning everyone after Romeo has
been touring the country meeting and
performing for their fans and today you
can see them right here in the valley
they're giving us a little preview this
morning thank you guys for waking up and
coming up I have to say I do say waking
up because I know that stuff you guys
have been in the valley now for a few
days
what do you been doing going out to
schools we got here Friday night we've
been doing schools
yeah high schools middle schools we're
into the Elton John concert that was
really cool personally invited know so
we got to meet meet me meet the guy from
England you know next to me are Jake and
drew you guys actually are locals grew
up in Las Vegas so it must be cool to
come back and be able to perform it's
great to be able to like see like you
know everything that you always thought
though I'll never do that but with like
oh we actually gonna pack the Galleria
Mall today the ironic part is we met at
the gallery that's the crazy part yeah
that's very cool well they're putting on
a show today for free which is pretty
awesome but talk about what you guys
have been doing at the schools because
part of your message has been kind of
talking about bullying which really is a
problem these days right I mean there's
so much bullying going on today's and we
promote you know love and just everybody
getting along so we go to schools and we
kind of tell them about what you could
do in the music business like we talked
a choir classes and say if you guys want
to pursue music entertainment this is
what you could do and then we promote
the non bullying and we really kind of
just show off that when we perform and
between songs we'll be like don't bully
the thing about it too is were we are a
boy band so we do get some heckling from
schools and stuff like that and guys
feel little little weird skeptical about
us so so we can relate to it it's very
good yeah we all go through things
regardless what we do but you guys are
great role models and also a lot of fun
so tell me what you're gonna perform for
us right now we're gonna perform
freefall
it's our single just came out on VEVO
the VEVO homepage and stuff like that we
also also want to thank New York New
York though too for like what like
giving us all this sweet hospitality
because they've been amazing with you
know promoting this whole school tour
and stuff like let's put the information
of where you can see them today as I
step out of the way one o'clock over the
gallery at sunset
you've got to hear these guys here's
just a little preview
what you'll get if you go there today
hey God trapped inside of the madness
and around
oh yeah I gotta take the plunge
I'm so
I do the same when they come on open if
you leave it I'm gonna miss again home
specs we counsel
oh yeah I gotta take
oh yeah I gotta take you to got a free
bar thank you
Oh after Romeo I have a feeling that
anyone that goes to the show today is
maybe going to run into a few teenage
girls that might be in love with you
guys yeah we actually danced - I love it
Mic Check
you smell amazing the microphone just
couldn't handle all the musical words
with the information on the screen 1:00
p.m. today go say hi to these guys Jake
drew Devin TC and Blake they're gonna
put on a great show we're so happy you
guys could come in this more